---
layout: post
title: SDDM 0.14.0
author: plfiorini
permalink: /news/2016/08/28/sddm-0.14.0/
---

We are proud to announce the immediate availability of [SDDM](https://github.com/sddm/sddm) 0.14.0.

<!-- more -->

Change log:

* New sddm.conf option EnableAvatars (useful for slow filesystems)
* New sddm.conf option UserAuthFile on the XDisplay section
  to change the default Xauthority file name and path.
* New sddm.conf option SessionLogFile on XDisplay and WaylandDisplay
  sections to change the default user session log location.
* ComboBox now exposes the arrow background color as
  "arrowColor" property.
* New "style" theme configuration for QtQuick Controls 2.0.
* Require Qt 5.6 or better.
* Enable HiDPI support.
* Refresh sessions list.
* Always fallback to an embedded theme if no suitable theme is found.
* Actually change Qt platform theme.
* Switch to Wayland session vt only when authentication
  succeeds.
* Close PAM session.
* Delete PAM credentials after closing the session.
* More theme-neutral default user and root avatars
* REMOVED the "circles" theme. Remember to change it if you had it set!
* REMOVED the "maui" theme as a standalone theme as it is now
  embedded in the greeter. Remember to change the theme to empty
  if you had it set to "maui".
* Update Estonian translation.
* Add Catalan translation from Robert Antoni Buj Gelonch.
* Add Dutch translation from Eric Hameleers.
* Add Slovak translation from Martin Minka.
* Add Swedish translation from Kristoffer Grundström.
* Add Ukrainian translation from Cherevan Andriy.
* Add Indian flag from Sanjeev Premi.

More information can be found [here](https://github.com/sddm/sddm/wiki/0.14.0-Release-Announcement).

Sources and SHA1 hashes follow:

 * [sddm-0.14.0.tar.gz](https://github.com/sddm/sddm/releases/download/v0.14.0/sddm-0.14.0.tar.gz) (SHA1: 2b34276c33329d51dd35df15c59e6ebbe9b27127)
 * [sddm-0.14.0.tar.xz](https://github.com/sddm/sddm/releases/download/v0.14.0/sddm-0.14.0.tar.xz) (SHA1: ee92a2b27602c13d6ac5cfd34399192a31ca033c)
